# hello-world
newbie repository

Hi, I'm Bill. I learned to program in the early '60s designing model rockets. I continued this path while gaining a Electrical Engineering degree ten years later. Career wise I spent a few years at the FAA, then another twenty years as a serial entrepreneur co- / founding seven companies. The first two failed. My largest profit success grossed over 12+ million within eight years. All of these firms focused on business system integration of one type or another. I next switched to a technical consulting gig for the banking and investment industry. I retired as a Enterprise Security Architect a few years ago. During the fourteen years in that space I quietly influenced and/or created and set the technical security strategy for two very large international firms. Much of my work was in the form of mentoring and the creation of architecture and governance programs in these business areas: data (any area that generated and/or used data in day-to-day operational practices), related data analytic's, virtual processing (local OS, remote, networks/communications), programming: SOA (meta-data, mark-up lang, XML, API's, security), and mobile. This started in '96 before the general IT awareness of these coming technical changes and the later marketing terms: Data/Information Architecture, SOA, Big Data, Cloud, and Mobility in 2007/2008, and forward as we know them today.

I'm here on on Git to get my development skills refreshed to possibly thrash out some code for some security ideas l noted throughout my career.
